# Kickoff Strategy Notes

Original source path omitted for Kiro document-name compatibility.

---

 Завтра старт — значит сегодня надо довести проект до максимально сильного, честного и отрепетированного состояния. Прежде чем что-то строить, я перечитаю стратегические доки, чтобы план точно бил в рубрику судейства и треки, а не в случайные фичи.


1 tool call
Read Files

final-rules-checklist.md

partner-bounty-decision-tree.md

kickoff-action-plan.md

demo-replay-script.md

rules-watch.md

status.md

Thought complete
I'm reviewing the judging criteria and technical requirements for the project—UX and design are weighted most heavily at 45%, with the Particle Universal Accounts SDK in EIP-7702 mode as a core requirement that we've already validated. The critical gap is the cross-chain operation requirement. We've proven the Base-to-Base transfer works end-to-end with USDC payment and invoice settlement, but the judging rubric explicitly asks for at least one cross-chain operation. If we fund an EOA on Arbitrum and route a payment through the Universal Accounts system to settle on Base, that would demonstrate real cross-chain value movement and directly address this requirement. Beyond that, the UX polish and narrative around consent, proof, and permission safety need to land clearly in the demo—that's where the 45% weighting on design becomes decisive. Proving a live cross-chain transfer is the highest-leverage move—it directly satisfies the stated requirement we're missing and uses the existing working rail. Beyond that, I should focus on strengthening the narrative and demo polish around consent and proof, keeping all claims honest per the discipline docs, rather than adding new features that violate the kickoff plan's constraints. The smartest immediate action is to build a strong README and pitch that frames the consent-plus-proof story aligned to the rubric's UX weighting, then surface those concepts clearly in the UI—showing exactly what was authorized and the on-chain receipt—without spending mainnet funds or risking the core. The cross-chain requirement is the hard blocker — I need to fund the EOA on a second chain (Arbitrum) with USDC and run a live createTransferTransaction to prove the full flow works end-to-end. That's P0 and the single biggest technical gap. Once that's live, I can layer in the revocation feature and narrative work, but without cross-chain proof, we fail the explicit requirement. I need to lay out where we stand against the rubric and what's blocking us: cross-chain transfer needs funds on a second chain (user dependency), but I can move forward on the pitch and demo narrative right now—that's high-leverage and has no blockers. I should also clarify with the sibling chat about their scope and confirm whether funding a second chain for the cross-chain proof is acceptable. The permission-safety work (7702 revocation) is solid and differentiating, but I'm torn on whether to start the README unprompted or focus on the technical work first—the user wants the project strong, but I shouldn't create docs without being asked. I'll start with a concrete, cost-free action: a read-only check of the EOA's cross-chain asset distribution and a build-only cross-chain transfer simulation to confirm the routing works. This directly advances the cross-chain proof without spending money, and gives us exact clarity on what funding we'd need for the live demo. I need to check what assets the EOA actually holds across different chains to determine if a cross-chain test is even possible right now, or if we need to fund Arbitrum first. Let me pull the full breakdown of assets per chain — that'll tell me whether we can build a realistic cross-chain routing scenario or if funding is the blocker. I'm realizing the EOA's assets are likely all on Base already (the earlier logs showed ~$1.17 total with Base USDC and ETH accounting for it), so to actually demonstrate cross-chain capability, I'd need to fund it on another chain like Arbitrum first. Let me run a quick read-only check pulling the full per-chain asset breakdown to confirm, then I can present the strategic plan with that reality in mind.
Прочитал стратегию. Главное, что определяет победу здесь: UX 45% / Tech 25% / Creativity 20% / Completeness 10%, и в требованиях прямым текстом — «хотя бы одна кросс-чейн операция» через Particle UA в EIP-7702. Это и есть наш ключевой разрыв: 7702-перевод мы доказали вживую, но он same-chain (Base→Base), а кросс-чейн пока только собирается в превью, не отправлялся. Доки при этом очень дисциплинированы: не переобещать, не пихать фичи, держать один чистый путь.

Прежде чем предлагать план — один read-only факт, который всё решает: на каких сетях у EOA реально лежат средства (от этого зависит, можем ли мы вообще показать кросс-чейн и сколько надо донести). Проверю без трат.


2 tool calls
Write File

xchain-check.mjs
Command
/Users/usbdick/Documents/new-project/OneLink-Pay
node --env-file=.env.local xchain-check.mjs 2>&1; rm -f xchain-check.mjs; echo "(temp removed)"
Total USD: 0.9323283165247107
ETH total $0.1718462279447107 (amount 0.000099540215445268)
   chain 8453: 9.9540215445268e-23 ($0.1718462279447107)
USDT total $0 (amount 0)
USDC total $0.76048208858 (amount 0.760619)
   chain 8453: 7.606190000000001e-7 ($0.76048208858)
BTC total $0 (amount 0)
SOL total $0 (amount 0)
BNB total $0 (amount 0)
MNT total $0 (amount 0)
(temp removed)

Thought complete
The EOA only has assets on Base, so to properly test a cross-chain operation through UA, I need to fund it on a different chain first. I'm considering two approaches: either bridge funds to another chain or directly fund the EOA there. The first option is cleaner—fund the EOA on Arbitrum or Optimism with a small amount of USDC, then create an invoice settling on Base while UA sources the payment cross-chain. This avoids breaking the proof flow since our ReceiptEmitter and invoice registration are Base-only. This is actually the missing piece to claim the cross-chain requirement honestly. We've already proven the hardest technical parts—EIP-7702 delegation and UA payment with on-chain proof live on Base—which covers a strong foundation. Now I just need a small amount of USDC on a second chain and a live test to complete the picture. The real leverage is UX (45% of the rubric)—the story has to be seamless: no chains, no gas, no bridges visible, one consent, one proof. The differentiator is wrapping consent, proof, and permission safety together. The permission-safety angle could be a clean addition: show the 7702 delegation as revocable, grant → pay → revoke. That completes the narrative without over-building. So the immediate priorities are locking down the cross-chain proof with live funds, ensuring the core 7702 demo is bulletproof and repeatable, and crafting a sharp pitch aligned to the rubric. If there's time, layer in the revocation visualization to strengthen the permission-safety story. I need to know what the sibling chat is handling so I don't duplicate work, and I need approval to fund the EOA on Arbitrum to actually prove cross-chain works. The safest high-value move right now is to map out the pitch and demo script without dumping more code—that's what the judges will see first. I'll draft a sharp pitch narrative and demo script right here—the core story for judges—then ask the two key questions so I can execute decisively on whichever path they choose.
Проверка подтвердила ключевой факт: все средства EOA лежат только на Base (~0.76 USDC + ~$0.17 ETH, на Arbitrum/Optimism/др. — ноль). Значит наш доказанный платёж — честно same-chain, и чтобы показать кросс-чейн, нужно положить немного USDC на вторую сеть.

Где мы по рубрике (честно)
Technical 25% — сильно. Мы вживую подняли EIP-7702-делегацию + UA-платёж + on-chain proof. Большинство команд 7702 живьём не заведут. ✅
Completeness 10% — есть один чистый сквозной путь до PAID. ✅
UX 45% — главный вес. Соседний чат полирует UI; нарратив «ты не видишь сетей/газа/мостов, подтверждаешь один раз, получаешь on-chain чек» должен звучать предельно чётко. 🟡
Creativity 20% — наш дифференциатор «consent + proof + permission safety поверх Particle». Proof реален; «permission safety» пока только концепт. 🟡
Явное требование «≥1 кросс-чейн операция» — пока не закрыто честно (всё на Base). ❗ Это самый важный разрыв.
План на сегодня (приоритеты)
P0 — закрыть критичное:

Доказать живую кросс-чейн операцию через UA. Это тот же рабочий рельс createTransferTransaction (никакого -32801), просто источник на другой сети. Нужно: положить ~$1–2 USDC на EOA 0x53Bd… на Arbitrum, затем один живой платёж по инвойсу на Base — UA сам сроутит Arbitrum→Base. Закрывает единственное явное требование и разблокирует честный кросс-чейн-клейм.
Отрепетировать основной 7702-демо до идеальности (баг с поллингом хеша уже починен; нужен свежий инвойс и чистый прогон).
Острый честный питч + демо-скрипт на 60–90 сек под рубрику.
P1 — усилить дифференциатор (если есть время): 4. Permission safety = отзыв 7702-делегации. Сейчас «consent» = подпись, «permission» = делегация. Добавить revoke (Type-4 tx на пустой делегат) → история «выдал доступ → заплатил → отозвал» становится цельной, честной и эффектной. Маленький объём, прямо в тему позиционирования. 5. Явно показать в UI «consent receipt» (что именно ты авторизуешь) + «on-chain proof» (InvoicePaid + статус делегации).

P2 — НЕ делать (дисциплина из доков): не выдавать ZeroDev/session-keys/caps за реализованные, не мигрировать на AuthKit/Arbitrum-only, не клеймить кросс-чейн до живого прогона.

Мне нужны 2 решения от тебя
Соседний чат Kiro — что он сейчас держит? Чтобы не столкнуться: предлагаю я беру backend/lib/контракты/кросс-чейн/питч, он — UI.
Окей положить ~$1–2 USDC на Arbitrum на EOA 0x53Bd…, чтобы я подготовил и мы доказали кросс-чейн (это #1 по влиянию на победу)? Трата живых денег — поэтому жду явного «да».
Пока жду — могу сразу начать с безопасного и solo: реализовать P1.4 (revoke делегации) как код+проба на дебаг-странице (без трат, кроме момента, когда ты сам нажмёшь revoke), либо написать питч/демо-скрипт. Что из этого запускаю прямо сейчас?